NAME                    VERSION               TYPE     
.haproxy-rundeps        20240315.235446       apk       
alpine-baselayout       3.4.3-r2              apk       
alpine-baselayout-data  3.4.3-r2              apk       
alpine-keys             2.4-r1                apk       
apk-tools               2.14.0-r5             apk       
busybox                 1.36.1-r15            apk       
busybox-binsh           1.36.1-r15            apk       
ca-certificates         20230506-r0           apk       
ca-certificates-bundle  20230506-r0           apk       
haproxy                 2.8.7                 binary    
libc-utils              0.7.2-r5              apk       
libcrypto3              3.1.4-r5              apk       
libssl3                 3.1.4-r5              apk       
lua5.3-libs             5.3.6-r6              apk       
musl                    1.2.4_git20230717-r4  apk       
musl-utils              1.2.4_git20230717-r4  apk       
pcre2                   10.42-r2              apk       
scanelf                 1.3.7-r2              apk       
ssl_client              1.36.1-r15            apk       
zlib                    1.3.1-r0              apk       
